Update docs for payments app (#12)
AltaPay/plugin-shopify: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

> ## [1.0.0]

Reviewer: I would recommend not to delete this.
Instead, move it to a new section, called "HPSDK Payment App [deprecated]"

Reviewer: For the docs, move them to:
- docs/deprecated_HPSDK/...

Author: @emicha I have updated the pull request based on the above suggestions.

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

> ## [app-1.0.0]
> - First release of AltaPay Payments App

Reviewer: Please explain the features supported int he release notes, for example:

```suggestion
## [app-1.0.0]
- First release of using the new Payments App Framework https://shopify.dev/apps/payments
- Supported Features:
-- Payment Page Redirect
-- Auto-Expand Credit Card Form
...
```

Author: @emicha I have added the Supported Features in the release notes.
